6_mcp/sandbox/banoffee.md, before:

# Banoffee Pie Recipe

## Ingredients
- 4 bananas, sliced
- 394g caramel or dulce de leche
- 300ml double cream
- Dark chocolate (optional)

### For the pastry
- 100g butter, chilled (plus extra for greasing)
- 200g plain flour
- 1 medium egg, separated
- 1 tbsp golden caster sugar

## Method
1. Make the pastry case: Put butter and flour in a food processor and pulse until it resembles fresh breadcrumbs. Add egg yolk and sugar, pulse again, then add very cold water a tbsp at a time until dough comes together.
2. Knead dough gently by hand until smooth ball forms. Wrap in cling film and chill for 30 minutes.
3. Heat oven to 190C/170C fan/gas 4. Grease a 23cm loose bottomed fluted tart tin. Roll out pastry and line the tin, leaving about 0.5cm of pastry over the edge and snip to length.
4. Line base with baking parchment and weigh down with baking beans/uncooked rice. Bake for 15 minutes. Remove parchment and beans, brush pastry with beaten egg white and bake another 15-20 minutes until golden and cooked. Cool completely.
5. Spread half the caramel on the pastry case, layer bananas on top, then cover with remaining caramel. Chill in fridge.
6. Whip the cream until thick and spoon over the tart. Grate dark chocolate over to garnish if using.

## Notes
- Serves 8-10.
- Prep time: 30 minutes.
- Cook time: 30-35 minutes.
- An easy family favorite. Recommended to serve with a generous dollop of cream.

Commit message:

add notes and update notebooks related to mcp

6_mcp/sandbox/banoffee.md, after:

# Banoffee Pie Recipe

An easy family favorite with buttery pastry and sweet dulce de leche. Served best with a generous dollop of cream.

## Ingredients

### For the filling:
- 4 bananas, sliced
- 394g caramel or dulce de leche
- 300ml double cream
- Dark chocolate (optional, for garnish)

### For the pastry:
- 100g butter, chilled (plus extra for greasing)
- 200g plain flour
- 1 medium egg, separated
- 1 tbsp golden caster sugar

## Method

### Step 1
Make the pastry case. Put the butter and flour in a food processor and pulse until it resembles fresh breadcrumbs. Add the yolk of the egg and the sugar and pulse again until mixed through. Add a tbsp at a time of very cold water pulsing the processor after each addition. Stop adding water as soon as the dough starts to come together as one piece.

### Step 2
Remove the dough from the processor and gently knead with your hands until smooth. Wrap tightly in cling film and chill in the fridge for 30 mins.

### Step 3
Heat oven to 190C/170C fan/gas 4. Grease a 23cm loose-bottomed fluted tart tin. Roll out the chilled pastry on a lightly floured surface and line the tin, leaving about half a cm pastry proud of the edge. Snip to length with scissors.

### Step 4
Line the base with baking parchment and weigh down with baking beans or uncooked rice. Bake for 15 mins, then remove paper and beans. Brush pastry surface with beaten egg white. Return to oven for 15-20 mins until crisp, golden and cooked through. Leave to cool completely; can be done a day ahead.

### Step 5
Spread half the caramel on the pastry case and layer sliced bananas on top. Cover with remaining caramel and refrigerate.

### Step 6
Whip the cream until billowy thick and spoon over the tart. Garnish with grated dark chocolate if desired.

---
*Serves 8-10*
*Preparation time: 30 mins*
*Cooking time: 30-35 mins*

Enjoy your homemade Banoffee Pie!
